Sunday from 8 pm to midnight
all week 22 hours one hour
it's guillaume radio 2.0
these energies the iphone has put its new
internal software so- called yeah
I would have liked to saône my balls market
no but it's true I do not know if he
wait maybe there's stuff I do not
do not know it's not all that's for sure
but eight hours standing
no but I do not know no but in all
case it's really funny it's just that
it's better it's fun but
this is the next
you will be high level of which I put you
the two types of people which puts
a tear in the morning and what kills me 20
alarm a laptop 2 seconds never
how much I grabbed my three with 5
minutes apart between 5000 jars to me
I take it to germinate 2 to their death is
in celebration that very evening that I repeat the
first is a little play our
music because I wake up the
music gnawed to attract music to
I'm trying to shit
hate her but at least they'll tell me
wake up what i do not like at all
gold miner
how do you wake up me it's with
from cradle linselles was silent but
that once you have a dream a
rehearsal in play but it crammed
went wrong p dj antoine da knows it
this idea of ​​a sonar to greet stone
Basilian
as well on montrouge you listen then
you are not bad played well workshop
the ideal and wait for them I can feel
also against 1 she answered m
while nicolas 13 years old from vincennes
in the 94 of their heads and so much
you think you have to go to
to separate the white from the yolk
clemency at age 21 and 5th on appeal from
nantes in the Loire Atlantique 44
saw us when we came to nantes
will do the missions to the eu
we saw it is true to bakool alain
bize good cv or coimers place du
trade since we came to a stalemate
common it takes we made several
activities were there with our people
grumble at escalading all this or not
it was a little intercity weekend at the
pool also we do lots of young people
made the pool she did not want to
let in what we forget about them
prevent
tell us what it's like for 1 3
how did it go in montreal
site and or in which city are
precisely with a girl yes and we have
started to heat everything he took the
life admits that there is a morning clip
free to men who want to dare rally
country after they go game on the pace
in low israel he fights celine sallette
between the morning quizzes
no but wait and basic mounts
on the way a pregnancy on facebook but
express yourself bordered I hold you the greens
of worship waiting so you got on
facebook you talk about a chick I the
do not know but I know it all
did not recover in a way the myth
finally the two geophysicists the atalante
No 1 in the world where you can have me
listened to on the replay is supposed to do
on the site where his real hockey has
tried to go on facebook also this
level there guillaume blais country have
tried to foot that to shit twitter
not even good instagram appears at adast
enough episode for the hands
now we are at the top of the
energy building you can either
click left to see the video
moment we took the lightning you saw
look behind me Europe we see
the lightning bolt that makes
skip energy click on the video of
left to see when that to
to cut off the nrj antenna
right a huge orgasm contest with
full of girls who came to make
live orgasms and forget about
subscribe below guillaume pley pme y
thank you very much everyone in any case
to be more and more numerous on the
youtube page of the show live on
nrj thank you everyone we find
guillaume on facebook
on Twitter
on instagram
dap guillaume pley to find us